How can you defy my secret?
Be careful, I'll ask HR to fire you now
Only designs submitted through Roselle Group
In order to receive the attention of the design competition organizing committee
For mom's medical expenses
I can't leave Roselle
Ok, I'll clean it up.
Mr. Ye is good, Mr. Ye
This is the design department.
All entries participating in this competition
To ensure the fairness of citizens
The names of all works have been sealed
This is the work submitted by your design department
What rubbish?
I open Roselle Group
There's no need for a design department.
This one is cleverly conceived
profound foundation
Snowy
As expected of the eldest lady
Inherited your talent, Mr. Ye?
Missy Cymbidium
Snow Smart
With the style of Mr. Ye back then?
Okay, stop slapping horses there
You go and call Xueqing over
I didn't expect our Roselle Group
There are also plagiarism villains